.TH BUILDD "1" "14 August 2008" "ubuntu-dev-tools"
.SH NAME
buildd \- command-line interface to Launchpad build operations

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B buildd <srcpackage> <release> <operation>

.B buildd \-\-help

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP 
\fBbuildd\fR provides a command line interface to the Launchpad build
operations.

.PP
\fBbuildd\fR uses a cookie file stored at \fI~/.lpcookie.txt\fR to authenticate
to Launchpad. This cookie is created on run from the Mozilla Firefox cookie
file at \fI~/.mozilla/*/*/cookies.sqlite\fR.

.SH OPERATIONS
.PP
Listed below are the available operations for \fBbuildd\fR:
.TP
.B status
Outputs the build status of the package on Launchpad on all architectures.
.TP
.B retry
Requests that the package has another attempt at rebuilding from source. This
shall only work if the package has \fIFailed to build\fR on Launchpad.
.TP
.B rescore
Requests that the packages build priority be raised in the build queue. Only
members of the Launchpad build administrators may issue this operation and may
only be performed on packages which \fINeed building\fR.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
Listed below are the command line options for \fBbuildd\fR:
.TP
.B \-h or \-\-help
Display a help message and exit.
.TP
.B \-a or \-\-architecture
Only available for \fIrescore\fR and \fIretry\fR operations only. This shall
only request the rebuilding/rescoring on the specified architecture only.

.SH AUTHORS
.PP
\fBbuildd\fR was written by Martin Pitt <martin.pitt@canonical.com>, and
this manual page was written by Jonathan Patrick Davies <jpds@ubuntu.com>.
.PP
Both are released under the terms of the GNU General Public License, version 3
or (at your option) any later version.
