.\" Title: check-symbols
.\" Author: Albert Damen
.\" Contact details: albrt@gmx.net
.\" 
.\" Copyright (C), 2007, Albert Damen
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under 
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2.
.\" 
.TH "CHECK\-SYMBOLS" "1" "December 9, 2007" "ubuntu-dev-tools"
.SH "NAME"
check\-symbols \- verify symbols exported by a new library version
.\"
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBcheck\-symbols\fP <\fIsource\-package\fR\> [\fIDEBDIR\fR]
.\"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
To verify the symbols exported by a new library version, run 
\fBcheck-symbols\fP with the name of the source package as argument. 
\fBcheck-symbols\fP will first determine the symbols exported by the existing 
and installed libary version, then install the new libarary and compare the 
symbols exported by the new library version with the symbols exported 
by the old version. For each of the symbols found, \fBcheck-symbols\fP 
will list if the symbol is new, unchanged or has been removed in the 
new library version.
.PP
In case the source package contains multiple binary library packages, 
all library files in each of the binary packages will be verified.
.PP
\fBcheck\-symbols\fP uses \fBnm\fP -D to determine 
the exported symbols of the libraries.
.PP 
If no value is given for DEBDIR, the script will assume the new library 
deb files are stored in /var/cache/pbuilder/result.
.\"
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP 
\fBcheck\-symbols\fP telepathy-glib .
.TP
This will:
.RS 2
.TP 2
\(bu Use \fBnm\fP -D to determine the exported symbols of the old, 
installed versions of the libraries provided by telepathy\-glib.
.TP 2
\(bu Install the binary libaries provided by the new version of 
telepathy\-glib.
.TP 2
\(bu Compare the output of \fBnm\fP -D of the new libraries with the 
output of the old version.
.TP 2
\(bu List the result in diff format.
.RE
.\"
.SH "BUGS"
.nf
Please report bugs on: 
https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/ubuntu\-dev\-tools/
.fi
.\"
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR nm (1)
