.TH DCH\-REPEAT "1" "10 August 2008" "ubuntu-dev-tools"
.SH NAME
dch\-repeat \- repeats a changelog entry into an older release

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dch\-repeat \-\-build\-tree <\fIPATH\fR>
.br
.B dch\-repeat \-\-source\-release <\fIRELEASE\fR>
.br
.B dch\-repeat \-\-target\-release <\fIRELEASE\fR>
.br
.B dch\-repeat \-\-devel\-release <\fIRELEASE\fR>
.br
.B dch\-repeat \-\-pocket <\fIPOCKET\fR>
.br
.B dch\-repeat \-h

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBdch\-repeat\fR is used to repeat a changelog into an older release.
It expects that \-\-build\-tree is laid out with each Ubuntu release as a
separate directory ("feisty", "edgy", etc).
.PP
For example, if gimp had a security update prepared for Feisty in
$TREE/feisty/gimp\-2.2.13, running \fBdch\-repeat\fR in
$TREE/edgy/gimp\-2.2.13 would pull in the latest changelog from the Feisty
build.

.SH OPTIONS
Listed below are the command line options for \fBdch\-repeat\fR:
.TP
.B \-h or \-\-help
Display a help message and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-build\-tree PATH
Base of build trees. Default is /scratch/ubuntu/build.
.TP
.B \-s or \-\-source\-release RELEASE
Which release to take changelog from.
.TP
.B \-\-target\-release RELEASE
Which release to build into.
.TP
.B \-\-devel\-release RELEASE
Which release is the development release.
.TP
.B \-\-pocket POCKET
Which pocket to use.

.SH AUTHOR
\fBdch-repeat\fR was written by Kees Cook <kees@ubuntu.com>.
This manual page was written by Jonathan Patrick Davies <jpds@ubuntu.com>.
.PP
Both are released under the GNU General Public License, version 2.

.SH SEE ALSO 
.BR dch(1).
