.TH GET\-BUILD\-DEPS 1 "October 27, 2007" "ubuntu-dev-tools"

.SH NAME
get\-build\-deps \- install build dependencies for one or more packages

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBget\-build\-deps\fP [\fIpackage name\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBget\-build\-deps\fP is a script to install the build dependencies for
either a local source package or one or more packages from the repositories.
.PP
In order to obtain all missing build dependencies for a package on
which source you are currently working, just run this script without
any argument, and it'll read its debian/control file to determine the
missing build dependencies.
.PP
Alternatively, you can call it with a list of space-separated package
names, or the name of a single file which contains the package names
each on a line. Then it will install the missing dependencies for those
packages using "apt-get build-dep".

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
get\-build\-deps
Looks for a debian/control file in the current working directory and
installs the dependencies listed there.
.TP
get\-build\-deps geany
Installs the build dependencies for the version of \fBgeany\fP that's
in the repositories.
.TP
get\-build\-deps geany epiphany-browser rhythmbox
Same as the previous example but also with the dependencies for
.B epiphany-browser
and
.BR rhythmbox .
.TP
get\-build\-deps ./package_list.txt
Reads the file
.B package_list.txt
(relative to the current working directory),
where each line contains the name of a package, and installs the
dependencies for the versions of all those that are in the repositories.

.SH KNOWN BUGS AND LIMITATIONS
When it's being used to install the missing dependencies for a local
source package (i.e., no arguments are passed to it) it doesn't check
for the dependencies to match the indicated versions, but just installs
the newest one available in the repositories.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dpkg-checkbuilddeps (1),
.BR apt-get (8)

.SH AUTHORS
\fBget\-build\-deps\fP and this manual page have been written by Siegfried-Angel
Gevatter Pujals <rainct@ubuntu.com>. They are released under the GNU General
Public License, version 3 or later.
