.TH GRAB\-ATTACHMENTS "1" "10 August 2008" "ubuntu-dev-tools"
.SH NAME
grab\-attachments \- downloads attachments from a Launchpad bug
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B grab\-attachments\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fIbug-number\fR...
.br
.B grab\-attachments \-h
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBgrab\-attachments\fR is a script to download all attachments from a
Launchpad bug report into the current directory.

.SH OPTIONS
Listed below are the command line options for grab\-attachments:
.TP
.I bug-number
Specifies the Launchpad bug number that the script should download
attachments from.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display a help message and exit.
.TP
.B \-l \fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-\-lpinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Use the specified instance of Launchpad (e.g. "staging"), instead of
the default of "production".
.TP
.B \-\-no\-conf
Do not read any configuration files, or configuration from environment
variables.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
All of the \fBCONFIGURATION VARIABLES\fR below are also supported as
environment variables.
Variables in the environment take precedence to those in configuration
files.
.SH CONFIGURATION VARIABLES
The following variables can be set in the environment or in
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)
configuration files.
In each case, the script\-specific variable takes precedence over the
package\-wide variable.
.TP
.BR GRAB_ATTACHMENTS_LPINSTANCE ", " UBUNTUTOOLS_LPINSTANCE
The default value for \fB--lpinstance\fR.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)
.SH AUTHOR
\fBgrab\-attachments\fR was written by Daniel Holbach and this manual page
was written by Jonathan Patrick Davies.
.PP
Both are released under the GNU General Public License, version 2.
