.TH import\-bug\-from\-debian "1" "September 21 2010" "ubuntu-dev-tools"
.SH NAME
import\-bug\-from\-debian \- Import bugs from Debian's BTS, and file
them against Ubuntu in LP.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B import\-bug\-from\-debian \fR[\fB\-nb\fR] \fIbug\fR...
.br
.B import\-bug\-from\-debian \-h

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBimport\-bug\-from\-debian\fR clones bugs from Debian's BTS into
Launchpad. Each \fIbug\fR listed on the command line has its initial
report re-filed against the same source package in Ubuntu.
The Ubuntu bug is linked back to its Debian counterpart.

Each \fIbug\fR may be provided either as a bug number or URL.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-b ", " \-\-browserless
Don't open the bug in a browser at the end.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display a help message and exit.
.TP
.B \-l \fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-\-lpinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Use the specified instance of Launchpad (e.g. "staging"), instead of
the default of "production".
.TP
.B \-\-no\-conf
Do not read any configuration files, or configuration from environment
variables.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
All of the \fBCONFIGURATION VARIABLES\fR below are also supported as
environment variables.
Variables in the environment take precedence to those in configuration
files.
.SH CONFIGURATION VARIABLES
The following variables can be set in the environment or in
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)
configuration files.
In each case, the script\-specific variable takes precedence over the
package\-wide variable.
.TP
.BR BACKPORTPACKAGE_LPINSTANCE ", " UBUNTUTOOLS_LPINSTANCE
The default value for \fB--lpinstance\fR.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)
.SH AUTHORS
\fBimport\-bug\-from\-debian\fR was written by James Westby
<james.westby@ubuntu.com>,
and this manual page was written by Stefano Rivera <stefanor@ubuntu.com>.
.PP
Both are released under the terms of the GNU General Public License, version 2.
