.TH lp\-set\-dup "1" "March 6 2010" "ubuntu-dev-tools"
.SH NAME
lp\-set\-dup \- mark one or more bugs as duplicate of another bug

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lp\-set\-dup [\-f] <main bug> <duplicate bug> [<duplicate bug> ...]
.br
.B lp\-set\-dup \-\-help

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlp\-set\-dup\fR allow to easily mark one or more bug as duplicate of
another bug. It checks for permission to operate on a given bug first,
then perform required tasks on Launchpad.

.SH OPTIONS
Listed below are the command line options for \fBlp\-set\-dup\fR:
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display a help message and exit.
.TP
.B \-f
Skip confirmation prompt.
.TP
.B \-l \fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-\-lpinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Use the specified instance of Launchpad (e.g. "staging"), instead of
the default of "production".
.TP
.B \-\-no\-conf
Do not read any configuration files, or configuration from environment
variables.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
All of the \fBCONFIGURATION VARIABLES\fR below are also supported as
environment variables.
Variables in the environment take precedence to those in configuration
files.

.SH CONFIGURATION VARIABLES
The following variables can be set in the environment or in
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)
configuration files.
In each case, the script\-specific variable takes precedence over the
package\-wide variable.
.TP
.BR BACKPORTPACKAGE_LPINSTANCE ", " UBUNTUTOOLS_LPINSTANCE
The default value for \fB--lpinstance\fR.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)

.SH AUTHORS
\fBlp\-set\-dup\fR was written by Loïc Minier <lool@dooz.org>,
and this manual page was written by Luca Falavigna <dktrkranz@debian.org>.
.PP
Both are released under the terms of the GNU General Public License, version 2.
