.TH MANAGE-CREDENTIALS "1" "13 January 2009" "ubuntu-dev-tools"
.SH NAME
manage-credentials \- a tool to create (and manage) credentials which
are used to access launchpad via the API.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B manage-credentials create -c <consumer> [--email <email> --password <password>] [--service <staging|edge>]
.br
.B manage-credentials \-h
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmanage-credentials\fR is a tool to create (and manage) credentials which
are used to access Launchpad via the API.

.PP
Currently this tool can be used
to create a token with or without using the web UI. In the future, once
related methods are available through the API, this tool can also be used
to manage tokens in launchpad and on the users local machine.

.SH OPTIONS
Listed below are the command line options for requestsync:
.TP
.B \-h
Display a help message and exit.
.TP
.B \-c \-\-consumer
.TP
.B \-e \-\-email <email>
Your email address as registered on Launchpad.
.TP
.B \-p \-\-password <password>
Your Launchpad password.
.TP
.B \-s \-\-service <edge|staging>
If we should use the edge or staging root of the Launchpad API.
.TP
.B \-\-cache
Where to store the cache.
.TP
.B \-o
Which file we should save the credentials to.
.TP
.B \-l \-\-level <number>
A number representing the access-level you wish to give to the new
Launchpad token. 0 is unauthorized, 1 is read public data, 2; write public data,
3; read private data and 4; write private data.

.SH EXAMPLE USAGE
There are currently two ways of using \fBmanage-credentials\fR to get
Launchpad tokens.
.TP
1) manage-credentials create -c CONSUMER --level 2

.TP
This way shall open your webbrowser with a Launchpad login page.

.TP
2) manage-credentials create -c CONSUMER --level 2 --password BOO --email me@example.com

.TP
This is a hack, but it works and does not require a webbrowser .

.TP
If you intend to use manage-credentials for Ubuntu development (such as
the ubuntu-dev-tools package). Please by sure to run the following:

.TP
manage-credentials create -c ubuntu-dev-tools -l 2 -o ~/.lp_credentials.txt

.SH AUTHOR
.B manage-credentials
was written by Markus Korn <thekorn@gmx.de> and this manual page was written by
Jonathan Davies <jpds@ubuntu.com>.
.PP
Both are released under the GNU General Public License, version 3.
