.TH MASSFILE "1" "June 2010" "ubuntu-dev-tools"
.SH NAME
\fBmassfile\fR \- script for massfiling bugs against Ubuntu packages

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBmassfile\fR [\fIoptions\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmassfile\fR is a script for massfiling bugs against Ubuntu packages in Launchpad. It requires an instructions file describing the contents of the bug report and a list file which lists the packages which the bug will be filed against.

Templates for both files can be found in /usr/share/doc/ubuntu-dev-tools/examples.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-l \fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-\-lpinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Use the specified instance of Launchpad (e.g. "staging"), instead of
the default of "production".
.TP
.B \-\-no\-conf
Do not read any configuration files, or configuration from environment
variables.

.SH EXAMPLES
\fBinstructions\fR - file designating the contents of the bug report

 subject: [UNMETDEPS] $pack has unmet dependencies
 assignee:
 status: confirmed
 subscribers: motu
 tags: unmetdeps
 buglist-url: http://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bugs?field.tag=unmetdeps
 text:
  A run of
  .
   LC_ALL=C apt-cache \-i unmet | grep ^Package | cut \-d' ' \-f2 | grep
   \-v dbgsym | sort \-u | xargs apt-cache showsrc | grep ^Directory |
   sed 's/Package\:\ //g' | grep verse | cut \-d'/' \-f4
  indicates that the source package $pack has binary packages that are
  not installable (on AMD64) at the moment.
  .
  Please have a look and make sure it's installable again.

\fBlist\fR - file designating the packages affected

Each package should be listed on a new line as follows:

 z88dk
 zope-quotafolder

.SH ENVIRONMENT
All of the \fBCONFIGURATION VARIABLES\fR below are also supported as
environment variables.
Variables in the environment take precedence to those in configuration
files.

.SH CONFIGURATION VARIABLES
The following variables can be set in the environment or in
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)
configuration files.
In each case, the script\-specific variable takes precedence over the
package\-wide variable.
.TP
.BR MASSFILE_LPINSTANCE ", " UBUNTUTOOLS_LPINSTANCE
The default value for \fB--lpinstance\fR.

.SH AUTHORS
\fBmassfile\fR was written by Iain Lane <iain@orangesquash.org.uk>, Daniel Hahler <ubuntu@thequod.de>. and Markus Korn <thekorn@gmx.de>.

This manual page was written by Andrew Starr-Bochicchio <a.starr.b@gmail.com>.
.PP
Both are released under the terms of the GNU General Public License, version 3.
