.TH MK\-SBUILD "1" "09 February 2010" "ubuntu-dev-tools"

.SH NAME
mk\-sbuild \- creates chroots via schroot and sbuild

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBmk\-sbuild\fR [\fIoptions\fR...] <\fIrelease\fR>

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmk\-sbuild\fR creates chroots via schroot and sbuild.

.SH OPTIONS
Listed below are the command line options for mk\-sbuild:
.TP
.B \-\-arch\fR=\fIARCH
What architecture to select (defaults to the native architecture).
.TP
.B \-\-target\fR=\fRARCH
Set up the chroot as a cross-building environment targeting the specified
architecture.
.TP
.B \-\-name\fR=\fINAME
Base name for the schroot (arch is appended).
.TP
.B \-\-personality\fR=\fIPERSONALITY
What personality to use (defaults to match \fB\-\-arch\fR).
.TP
.B \-\-debug
Turn on script debugging.
.TP
.B \-\-skip\-updates
Do not include the \fB\-updates\fR pocket in the installed
\fBsources.list\fR.
.TP
.B \-\-skip\-proposed
Do not include the \fB\-proposed\fR pocket in the installed
\fBsources.list\fR.
.TP
.B \-\-source\-template\fR=\fIFILE
Use \fIFILE\fR as the \fBsources.list\fR template (defaults to
\fI$HOME\fB/.mk\-sbuild.sources\fR).
.TP
.B \-\-debootstrap\-mirror\fR=\fIURL
Use \fIURL\fR as the debootstrap source (defaults to
\fBhttp://ports.ubuntu.com\fR where appropriate, official Ubuntu
repositories for the supported architectures).
.TP
.B \-\-debootstrap\-include\fR=\fIalpha,beta
Pass along a comma separated list of packages to debootstrap's
\fB\-\-include\fR argument. See \fBdebootstrap\fR (8) for more details.
.TP
.B \-\-debootstrap\-exclude\fR=\fIalpha,beta
Pass along a comma separated list of packages to debootstrap's
\fB\-\-exclude\fR argument.
\fBWARNING:\fR be careful using this option as you can end up
excluding essential package. See \fBdebootstrap \fR(8) for more details.
.TP
.B \-\-distro\fR=\fIDISTRO
Enable distro-specific logic.
When not provided, the distribution is determined from \fIrelease\fR.
Currently known distros: "\fBdebian\fR" and "\fBubuntu\fR".
.TP
.B \-\-vg\fR=\fIVOLUME_GROUP
Specify a volume group, and subsequently use a default \fBSCHROOT_TYPE\fR of
"\fBlvm-snapshot\fR" rather than "\fBdirectory\fR" (via overlayfs or
aufs) mounts.
.TP
.B \-\-type\fR=\fISHROOT_TYPE
Specify a \fBSCHROOT_TYPE\fR.  Supported values are "\fBdirectory\fR"
(default if \fB\-\-vg\fR not specified), "\fBlvm-snapshot\fR" (default
if \fB\-\-vg\fR specified), "\fBbtrfs-snapshot\fR", and "\fBfile\fR".

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP
.B LV_SIZE
Size of source LVs (defaults to 5G).
.TP
.B SNAPSHOT_SIZE
Size of snapshot LVs (defaults to 4G).
.TP
.B SCHROOT_CONF_SUFFIX
Lines to append to schroot entries.
.TP
.B SKIP_UPDATES
Do not include the \fB\-updates\fR pocket (same as
\fB\-\-skip\-updates\fR)
.TP
.B SKIP_PROPOSED
Do not include the \fB\-proposed\fR pocket (same as
\fB\-\-skip\-proposed\fR)
.TP
.B DEBOOTSTRAP_MIRROR
Mirror location (same as \fB\-\-debootstrap-mirror\fR)
.TP
.B DEBOOTSTRAP_INCLUDE
Comma separated list of packages to include when bootstrapping (same as
\fB\-\-debootstrap-include\fR)
.TP
.B DEBOOTSTRAP_EXCLUDE
Comma separated list of packages to exclude when bootstrapping (same as
\fB\-\-debootstrap-exclude\fR; see warning above)
.TP
.B SOURCE_CHROOTS_DIR
Use \fBSOURCE_CHROOTS_DIR\fR as home of schroot source directories.
(default \fB/var/lib/schroot/chroots\fR)
.TP
.B SOURCE_CHROOTS_TGZ
Use \fBSOURCE_CHROOTS_TGZ\fR as home of schroot source tarballs.
(default \fB/var/lib/schroot/tarballs\fR)
.TP
.B CHROOT_SNAPSHOT_DIR
Use \fBCHROOT_SNAPSHOT_DIR\fR as home of mounted btrfs snapshots.
(default \fB/var/lib/schroot/snapshots\fR)


.SH FILES
.TP
.IB $HOME /.mk\-sbuild.rc
Sourced for environment variables (defined above).
.TP
.IB $HOME /.mk\-sbuild.sources\fR[\fB. $DISTRO\fR]
Can contain a customized \fBsources.list\fR.
It will be read when creating the schroot.
If a file with "\fB.ubuntu\fR" or "\fB.debian\fR" is found (as
appropriate) it will use used instead.
See \fBsources.list\fR (5) for more details on the format.
.TP
.IB $HOME /.mk\-sbuild.schroot.conf\fR[\fB. $SCHROOT_TYPE\fR]
Can contain a customized configuration section to be inserted into
\fB/etc/schroot/schroot.conf\fR.
If a file with "\fB.lvm-snapshot\fR", "\fB.directory\fR", "\fB.file\fR",
or "\fBbtrfs-snapshot\fR" is found (as appropriate) that file will use used instead.
See \fBschroot.conf\fR (5) for more details on the format.
.SH USING THE CHROOTS
.TP
To CHANGE the golden image: \fBsudo schroot \-c \fI${SCHROOT_NAME}\fB\-source \-u root\fR
.TP
To ENTER an image snapshot: \fBschroot \-c \fI$SCHROOT_NAME\fR
.TP
To BUILD within a snapshot: \fBsbuild \-A \-d \fI$SCHROOT_NAME $PACKAGE\fB*.dsc\fR
.TP
for example, to update the packages in a \fBsid\-amd64\fR golden image:
\fBschroot \-c sid\-amd64\-source \-u root -- sh \-c "apt-get \-qq update && apt-get \-qy upgrade && apt-get clean" </dev/null\fR

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sbuild\-setup (7),
.BR sources.list (5),
.BR schroot.conf (5),
.B https://help.ubuntu.com/community/SbuildLVMHowto

.SH AUTHOR
\fBmk\-sbuild\fR was written by Kees Cook <kees@ubuntu.com>.
This man page was written by Ryan Kavanagh <ryanakca@kubuntu.org>.
Both are released under the GNU General Public License, version 3 or later.
