<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE refentry PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.2//EN"
"http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.2/docbookx.dtd" [
]>
<refentry>
  <refentryinfo>
    <author>
      <firstname>Daniel</firstname>
      <surname>Holbach</surname>
      <email>daniel.holbach@ubuntu.com</email>
    </author>
    <copyright>
      <year>2007</year>
      <holder>Daniel Holbach</holder>
    </copyright>
    <!-- XXX IMPORTANT XXX -->
    <!-- Keep this date up to date: -->
    <date>2007-09-07</date>
    <!--  ^^^^^^^^^^ -->
  </refentryinfo>
  <refmeta>
    <refentrytitle>ppaput</refentrytitle>
    <manvolnum>1</manvolnum>
  </refmeta>
  <refnamediv>
    <refname>ppaput</refname>
    <refpurpose>A tool for uploading packages for sponsorship</refpurpose>
  </refnamediv>
  <refsynopsisdiv>
    <cmdsynopsis>
      <command>ppaput</command>
      <arg choice="opt">
        <option>-n</option>
      </arg>
      <arg choice="opt">
	<option>&lt;dput location&gt;</option>
      </arg>
      <arg choice="opt">
        <option>&lt;debuild arguments&gt;</option>
      </arg>
    </cmdsynopsis>
  </refsynopsisdiv>
  <refsect1>
    <title>PREREQUISITES</title>
    <para>
      To use this tool, you will need to set up your PPA in Launchpad and
      therefore carefully follow the instructions in the <ulink type="http"
      url="https://help.launchpad.net/PPAQuickStart">PPA documentation</ulink>.
    </para>
    <para>
      Also you need to copy your Launchpad cookie to
      <filename>~/.lpcookie</filename>. Firefox uses
      <filename>~/.mozilla/firefox/&lt;random&gt;cookies.txt</filename>,
      Epiphany uses
      <filename>~/.gnome2/epiphany/mozilla/epiphany/cookies.txt</filename>.
    </para>
  </refsect1>
  <refsect1>
    <title>OVERVIEW</title>
    <para>
      This tool aims to help with <ulink type="http"
      url="https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SponsorshipProcess">the sponsoring
      process</ulink> and is written by the MOTU team.
    </para>
    <para>
      This tool will 1) build a source package of the current source tree
      you're in, 2) upload the package to &lt;<productname>dput</productname>
      location&gt; (using 'default' if not specified), 3) follow up on the bug
      report (if specified in <filename>debian/changelog</filename> as per the
      <ulink type="http"
      url="https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ClosingBugsFromChangelog">changelog
      spec</ulink>), 4) set the right status and subscribe the right people to
      the bug report.
    </para>
    <para>
      If you use the <arg choice="opt"><option>-n</option></arg> option, it
      will also 1) file a bug and add 2) a (LP: #.....) header to the source
      package.
    </para>
    <para>
      <ulink type="http" url="https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SponsorshipProcess">The
      sponsoring process</ulink> was complicated enough and package uploads
      were done to either <productname>Malone</productname>,
      <productname>REVU</productname> or personal web servers. This tool aims
      to unify processes and make use of existing infrastructure such as
      <productname>Launchpad Bugs (Malone)</productname> and
      <productname>Launchpad PPA</productname>.
      In September 2007, Daniel Holbach started working on this tool.
    </para>
  </refsect1>
  <refsect1>
    <title>DESCRIPTION</title>
    <para>
      This tool has lists of known strings for a given package that
      it searches for in bug reports (even in the attachments uploaded),
      thus helping to find duplicates, related bugs and other information,
      but mainly making bug triagers job a lot easier.
    </para>
  </refsect1>
  <refsect1>
    <title>OPTIONS</title>
    <para>
      These are all the options available so far:
    </para>
    <para>
      <variablelist>
        <title>ppaput options:</title>
        <varlistentry>
          <term><option>-n</option></term>    
          <listitem><para>files a new bug report and adds it's number to
	  <filename>debian/changelog</filename>
          </para></listitem> 
        </varlistentry>
         <varlistentry>
          <term><option>&lt;dput location&gt;</option></term>
          <listitem><para>specifies the location you upload the source package
	  to according to the alias you specified in either
	  <filename>/etc/dput.cf</filename> or
	  <filename>~/.dput.cf</filename></para></listitem>
        </varlistentry>
        <varlistentry>
          <term><option>&lt;debuild arguments&gt;</option></term>
          <listitem><para>will be passed to <productname>debuild</productname>
	  during source package creation
	  </para></listitem>
        </varlistentry>
  </variablelist>
    </para>
  </refsect1>
  <refsect1>
    <title>COPYRIGHT</title>
    <para>
      This manual page was written by the MOTU team for the 
      <productname>revutool</productname> bug tracking system.
      Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
      under the terms of the <acronym>GNU</acronym> General Public License,
      Version 3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.
    </para>
    <para>
      On Debian systems (like Ubuntu), the complete text of the
      GNU General Public License can be found in
      <filename>/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL-3</filename>.
    </para>
  </refsect1>
</refentry>
