.\" Copyright (C) 2010, Stefano Rivera <stefanor@ubuntu.com>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
.\" REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
.\" AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
.\" INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
.\" LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
.\" OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
.\" PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.TH PULL-DEBIAN-DEBDIFF "1" "December 2010" "ubuntu-dev-tools"
.SH NAME
\fBpull-debian-debdiff\fR \- find, download, and generate a debdiff

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpull-debian-debdiff\fR [\fIoptions\fR] <\fIpackage\fR>
<\fIversion\fR> [\fIdistance\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBpull-debian-debdiff\fR attempts to find and download a specific
version of a Debian package and its immediate parent to generate a
debdiff.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I package
The source package to download and diff.
.TP
.I version
The most recent of the two versions you want to diff.
.TP
.I distance
If specified (default \fB1\fR), the debdiff is against that many
versions previous.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display the usage instructions and exit.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-fetch
Simply download the specified version and exit.
.TP
.B \-d \fIDEBIAN_MIRROR\fR, \fB\-\-deban\-mirror\fR=\fIDEBIAN_MIRROR\fR
Use the specified mirror.
Should be in the form \fBhttp://ftp.debian.org/debian\fR.
If the package isn't found on this mirror, \fBpull\-debian\-source\fR
will fall back to the default mirror.
.TP
.B \-s \fIDEBSEC_MIRROR\fR, \fB\-\-debsec\-mirror\fR=\fIDEBSEC_MIRROR\fR
Use the specified Debian security mirror.
Should be in the form \fBhttp://security.debian.org\fR.
If the package isn't found on this mirror, \fBpull\-debian\-source\fR
will fall back to the default mirror.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-conf
Do not read any configuration files, or configuration from environment
variables.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
All of the \fBCONFIGURATION VARIABLES\fR below are also supported as
environment variables.
Variables in the environment take precedence to those in configuration
files.

.SH CONFIGURATION VARIABLES
The following variables can be set in the environment or in
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)
configuration files.
In each case, the script\-specific variable takes precedence over the
package\-wide variable.
.TP
.BR PULL_DEBIAN_DEBDIFF_DEBIAN_MIRROR ", " UBUNTUTOOLS_DEBIAN_MIRROR
The default value for \fB\-\-debian\-mirror\fR.
.TP
.BR PULL_DEBIAN_DEBDIFF_DEBSEC_MIRROR ", " UBUNTUTOOLS_DEBSEC_MIRROR
The default value for \fB\-\-debsec\-mirror\fR.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pull\-debian\-source (1),
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)

.SH AUTHORS
\fBpull-debian-debdiff\fR was written by Stefano Rivera
<stefanor@ubuntu.com>, a clone of a tool by Kees Cook <kees@ubuntu.com>.

This manual page was written by Stefano Rivera, based on the original by
Andrew Starr\-Bochicchio <a.starr.b@gmail.com>.
