.TH PULL\-LP\-SOURCE "1" "4 August 2008" "ubuntu-dev-tools"

.SH NAME
pull\-lp\-source \- download a source package from Launchpad

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pull\-lp\-source \fR[\fIoptions\fR]\fB \fBsource package\fR
[\fIrelease\fR|\fIversion\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBpull\-lp\-source\fR downloads and extracts the specified
\fIversion\fR of <\fBsource package\fR> from Launchpad, or the latest
version of the specified \fIrelease\fR.
If no \fIversion\fR or \fIrelease\fR is specified, the latest version in
the development release will be downloaded.

.SH OPTIONS
Listed below are the command line options for pull\-lp\-source:
.TP
.B source package
This is the source package that you would like to be downloaded from Launchpad.
.TP
.B version
This is the version of the source package to be downloaded.
.TP
.B release
This is the release that you would like the source package to be downloaded from.
This value defaults to the current development release.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display a help message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-download\-only
Do not extract the source package.
.TP
.B \-m \fIUBUNTU_MIRROR\fR, \fB\-\-mirror\fR=\fIUBUNTU_MIRROR\fR
Use the specified Ubuntu mirror.
Should be in the form \fBhttp://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu\fR.
If the package isn't found on this mirror, \fBpull\-lp\-source\fR will
fall back to Launchpad, as its name implies.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-conf
Do not read any configuration files, or configuration from environment
variables.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
All of the \fBCONFIGURATION VARIABLES\fR below are also supported as
environment variables.
Variables in the environment take precedence to those in configuration
files.
.TP
.B
DIST
Specifies the default target.

.SH CONFIGURATION VARIABLES
The following variables can be set in the environment or in
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)
configuration files.
In each case, the script\-specific variable takes precedence over the
package\-wide variable.
.TP
.BR PULL_LP_SOURCE_UBUNTU_MIRROR ", " UBUNTUTOOLS_UBUNTU_MIRROR
The default value for \fB\-\-mirror\fR.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dget (1),
.BR pull\-debian\-source (1),
.BR pull\-debian\-debdiff (1),
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)

.SH AUTHOR
.PP
\fBpull\-lp\-source\fR and this manual page were written by Iain Lane
<iain@orangesquash.org.uk>.
Both are released under the GNU General Public License, version 3 or later.
