.TH REQUESTSYNC "1" "19 January 2008" "ubuntu-dev-tools"
.SH NAME
requestsync \- helper to file sync requests for Ubuntu
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B requestsync\fR [\fB\-d \fIdistro\fR] [\fB\-nse\fR] [\fB\-k \fIkeyid\fR] <\fBsource package\fR> [\fBtarget release\fR] [\fIbase version\fR]
.br
.B requestsync \-\-lp\fR [\fB\-nse\fR] <\fBsource package\fR> <\fBtarget release\fR> [\fIbase version\fR]
.br
.B requestsync \-h
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBrequestsync\fR looks at the versions of <source package> in Debian and
Ubuntu and prompts for an explanation of why the Ubuntu changes (if there
are any) should be dropped.
The changelog entry is then downloaded from packages.debian.org.
If the sync request is being filed per email (default), a prompt for your
GPG passphrase follows so that it can sign the mail and send it off to
Launchpad.
Alternatively a sync request can be filed directly using the launchpadlib
Python module (option \fB\-\-lp\fR).
\fBrequestsync\fR falls back to mail the sync request if submitting using
the launchpadlib module fails.

.PP
\fBrequestsync\fR checks if you have the permissions to request the sync from
the archive administrators directly by checking if you have upload permissions
for that package through package set permissions or component permissions. If
you don't have upload permissions, the script will subscribe the necessary
team with approval rights to the bug report for you.

This check is only performed if \fBrequestsync\fR is allowed to use the LP API
(option \fB\-\-lp\fR). In the other case \fBrequestsync\fR relies on that you
answer the question about upload permissions honestly to determine if a team
with approval rights is to be subscribed to the bug.

If you have permission to upload the package directly, then you may prefer
to use \fBsyncpackage\fR instead to copy the package using the Launchpad
API. At some future point, \fBrequestsync\fR will be changed to do this
automatically.

.PP
\fBrequestsync\fR uses launchpadlib authentication to file its requests.

.SH OPTIONS
Listed below are the command line options for requestsync:
.TP
.B \-h
Display a help message and exit.
.TP
.B \-d
Specifies which Debian distribution a package should be synced from.
Default is \fIunstable\fR.
.TP
.B \-n
Specifies that the package is a new package, and requestsync should not
attempt to look it up in Ubuntu since it will not exist.
.TP
.B \-k \fI<keyid>\fR
Specifies your GPG key.
This is only used if the sync request is mailed to Launchpad.
.TP
.B \-\-lp
Use the launchpadlib Python module (packaged as python\-launchpadlib) to
file the sync request in Launchpad.
.TP
.B \-s
Specifies that you require sponsorship.
You need this option if you don't have upload permissions for that package.
This disables the upload permissions check described above.
.TP
.B \-e
Use this flag after FeatureFreeze for non-bug fix syncs. \fBrequestsync\fR will
subscribe ubuntu-release team instead of sponsorship team.
.TP
.B \-l \fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-\-lpinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Use the specified instance of Launchpad (e.g. "staging"), instead of
the default of "production".
.TP
.B \-\-no\-conf
Do not read any configuration files, or configuration from environment
variables.
.TP
.B <source package>
This is the source package that you would like to be synced from Debian.
.TP
.B <target release>
This is the release that you would like the source package to be synced
into.
This should always be the latest development release of Ubuntu.
.TP
.B [base version]
In some cases, the base version (where the Ubuntu package started differing
from the Debian package) cannot be automatically determined.
Specify this option in this case.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
\fBrequestsync\fR uses the following variables which should be set in your
shell's configuration by adding \fIexport VARIABLE=\fR lines, where VARIABLE is
one of the following:
.TP
.BR UBUMAIL ", " DEBEMAIL
Specifies which email should be used when sending to Launchpad.
.P
All of the \fBCONFIGURATION VARIABLES\fR below are also supported as
environment variables.
Variables in the environment take precedence to those in configuration
files.

.SH CONFIGURATION VARIABLES
.TP
.B REQUESTSYNC_SMTP_SERVER
Set which SMTP server to use when sending mail.
If unspecified this defaults to fiordland.ubuntu.com.
.TP
.B REQUESTSYNC_SMTP_PORT
Sets which port of the SMTP server to use. Default is 25.
.TP
.BR REQUESTSYNC_SMTP_USER " and " REQUESTSYNC_SMTP_PASS
Sets the username and password to use when authenticating to the SMTP server.
.TP
.BR REQUESTSYNC_USE_LPAPI
Setting this to \fIyes\fR is equivalent to running with \fB--lp\fR.
.TP
.BR REQUESTSYNC_LPINSTANCE ", " UBUNTUTOOLS_LPINSTANCE
The default value for \fB--lpinstance\fR.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR rmadison (1),
.BR syncpackage (1),
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)

.SH AUTHOR
.B requestsync
and this manual page were written by the Ubuntu MOTU Team.
.PP
Both are released under the GNU General Public License, version 2.
