.\" Copyright (C) 2011, Stefano Rivera <stefanor@ubuntu.com>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
.\" REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
.\" AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
.\" INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
.\" LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
.\" OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
.\" PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.TH requestbackport 1 "November 2011" ubuntu\-dev\-tools

.SH NAME
requestbackport \- File a backport request bug

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B requestbackport \fR[\fIoptions\fR] \fIpackage\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
Determine the intermediate releases that \fIpackage\fR needs to be
backported to, list all reverse\-dependencies, and file the backporting
request.
\fBrequestbackport\fR will include a testing checklist in the bug.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d\fR \fIDEST\fR, \fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDEST\fR
Backport to \fIDEST\fR release and necessary intermediate
releases. Default: current stable release.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR \fISOURCE\fR, \fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
Backport from \fISOURCE\fR release.
Default: current development release.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-\-lpinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Launchpad instance to connect to.
Default: \fBproduction\fR.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-conf\fR
Don't read config files or environment variables
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display a help message and exit.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR backportpackage (1),
.BR reverse\-depends (1).

.SH AUTHORS
\fBreverse\-depends\fR and this manpage were written by Stefano Rivera
<stefanor@ubuntu.com>.
.PP
Both are released under the terms of the ISC License.
