.\" Copyright (C) 2011, Stefano Rivera <stefanor@ubuntu.com>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
.\" REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
.\" AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
.\" INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
.\" LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
.\" OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
.\" PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.TH reverse\-depends 1 "November 2011" ubuntu\-dev\-tools

.SH NAME
reverse\-depends \- List the reverse\-dependencies (or
build\-dependencies) of a package

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B reverse\-depends \fR[\fIoptions\fR] \fIpackage

.SH DESCRIPTION
List reverse\-dependencies (or build\-dependencies) of \fIpackage\fR.
If the package name is prefixed with \fBsrc:\fR then the
reverse\-dependencies of all the binary packages that the specified
source package builds will be listed.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-r\fR \fIRELEASE\fR, \fB\-\-release\fR=\fIRELEASE\fR
Query dependencies in \fIRELEASE\fR.
Default: current development release.
.TP
\fB\-R\fR, \fB\-\-without\-recommends\fR
Only consider Depends relationships, not Recommends.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-with\-suggests\fR
Also consider Suggests relationships.
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-build\-depends\fR
Query build dependencies.
Synonym for \fB\-\-arch\fR=\fIsource\fR.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR \fIARCH\fR, \fB\-\-arch\fR=\fIARCH\fR
Query dependencies in \fIARCH\fR.
Besides valid architecture names, the special values \fBany\fR and
\fBsource\fR may be used.
\fBany\fR displays all reverse dependencies, the union across all
architecture.
\fBsource\fR displays build dependencies.
Default: \fBany\fR.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR \fICOMPONENT\fR, \fB\-\-component\fR=\fICOMPONENT\fR
Only consider reverse\-dependencies in \fICOMPONENT\fR. Can
be specified multiple times.
Default: all components.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-list\fR
Display a simple, machine\-readable list.
.TP
\fB\-u\fR \fIURL\fR, \fB\-\-service\-url\fR=\fIURL\fR
Reverse Dependencies web\-service \fIURL\fR.
Default: UbuntuWire's service at
\fBhttp://qa.ubuntuwire.org/rdepends/\fR.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display a help message and exit

.SH EXAMPLES
All reverse dependencies of source package bash:
.IP
.nf
.B reverse\-depends src:bash
.fi

.SH AUTHORS
\fBreverse\-depends\fR and this manpage were written by Stefano Rivera
<stefanor@ubuntu.com>.
.PP
Both are released under the terms of the ISC License.
