.\" Copyright (C) 2011, Stefano Rivera <stefanor@ubuntu.com>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
.\" REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
.\" AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
.\" INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
.\" LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
.\" OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
.\" PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.TH seeded\-in\-ubuntu 1 "December 2011" ubuntu\-dev\-tools

.SH NAME
seeded\-in\-ubuntu \- Determine whether a package is safe to upload
during a freeze

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B seeded\-in\-ubuntu \fR[\fIoptions\fR] \fIpackage\fR...

.SH DESCRIPTION
Lists all the current daily images containing the specified packages.
Or whether the package is part of the supported seed.
.PP
If it isn't on an image, it should be safe to upload.
During the final freeze, one should avoid packages in the supported seed
too.
.PP
An index of the current manifests is downloaded from UbuntuWire.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-binary\fR
The packages specified are binary packages.
This is faster than source packages, as otherwise we must query LP to
determine the binary packages that every specified source package
builds.
.TP
\fB\-u\fR \fIURL\fR, \fB\-\-data\-url\fR=\fIURL\fR
URL for index of seeded packages.
Default: UbuntuWire's service at
\fBhttp://qa.ubuntuwire.org/ubuntu-seeded-packages/seeded.json.gz\fR.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display a help message and exit

.SH EXAMPLES
All the images that contain unity:
.IP
.nf
.B seeded\-in\-ubuntu -b unity
.fi

.SH AUTHORS
\fBseeded\-in\-ubuntu\fR and this manpage were written by Stefano Rivera
<stefanor@ubuntu.com>.
.PP
Both are released under the terms of the ISC License.
