.TH SYNCPACKAGE "1" "June 2010" "ubuntu-dev-tools"
.SH NAME
syncpackage \- copy source packages from Debian to Ubuntu
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B syncpackage
[\fIoptions\fR] \fI<.dsc URL/path or package name>\fR
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsyncpackage\fR causes a source package to be copied from Debian to
Ubuntu.
.PP
\fBsyncpackage\fR allows you to upload files with the same checksums of the
Debian ones, as the common script used by Ubuntu archive administrators does,
this way you can preserve source files integrity between the two distributions.
.PP
\fBsyncpackage\fR will detect source tarballs with mismatching
checksums, and can perform fake syncs.
.\"
.SH WARNING
The use of \fBsyncpackage \-\-no\-lp\fR, which generates a changes file to
be directly uploaded to the Ubuntu primary archive or a PPA, is discouraged
by the Ubuntu Archive Administrators, as it introduces an unnecessary window
for error.
This only exists for backward compatibility, for unusual corner cases
(such as fakesyncs), and for uploads to archives other than the Ubuntu
primary archive.
Omitting this option will cause Launchpad to perform the sync request
directly, which is the preferred method for uploads to the Ubuntu primary
archive.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-d\fI DIST\fR, \fB\-\-distribution\fR=\fIDIST\fR
Debian distribution to sync from. Default is \fItesting\fR during LTS
cycles, and \fIunstable\fR otherwise.
.TP
\fB\-r\fI RELEASE\fR, \fB\-\-release\fR=\fIRELEASE\fR
Specify target Ubuntu release. Default: current development release.
.TP
\fB\-V\fI DEBVERSION\fR, \fB\-\-debian\-version\fR=\fIDEBVERSION\fR
Specify the version to sync from.
.TP
\fB\-c\fI COMPONENT\fR, \fB\-\-component\fR=\fICOMPONENT\fR
Specify the component to sync from.
.TP
\fB\-b\fI BUG\fR, \fB\-\-bug\fR=\fIBUG\fR
Mark a Launchpad bug as being fixed by this upload.
.TP
\fB\-s\fI USERNAME\fR, \fB\-\-sponsor\fR=\fIUSERNAME\fR
Sponsor the sync for \fIUSERNAME\fR (a Launchpad username).
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Display more progress information.
.TP
\fB\-F\fR, \fB\-\-fakesync\fR
Perform a fakesync, to work around a tarball mismatch between Debian and
Ubuntu.
This option ignores blacklisting, and performs a local sync.
It implies \fB\-\-no\-lp\fR, and will leave a signed \fB.changes\fR file
for you to upload.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-force\fR
Force sync over the top of Ubuntu changes.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-conf
Do not read any configuration files, or configuration from environment
variables.
.TP
\fB\-l\fI INSTANCE\fR, \fB\-\-lpinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Launchpad instance to connect to (default: production).
.TP
.B \-\-simulate
Show what would be done, but don't actually do it.
.\"
.SH LOCAL SYNC PREPARATION OPTIONS
.TP
Options that only apply when using \fB\-\-no\-lp\fR:
.TP
.B \-\-no\-lp
Construct sync locally, rather than letting Launchpad copy the package
directly.
It will leave a signed \fB.changes\fR file for you to upload.
See the \fBWARNING\fR above.
.TP
\fB\-n\fI UPLOADER_NAME\fR, \fB\-\-uploader\-name\fR=\fIUPLOADER_NAME\fR
Use UPLOADER_NAME as the name of the maintainer for this upload instead
of evaluating DEBFULLNAME and UBUMAIL.
This option may only be used in \fB\-\-no\-lp\fR mode.
.TP
\fB\-e\fI UPLOADER_EMAIL\fR, \fB\-\-uploader\-email\fR=\fIUPLOADER_EMAIL\fR
Use UPLOADER_EMAIL as the email address of the maintainer for this
upload instead of evaluating DEBEMAIL and UBUMAIL.
This option may only be used in \fB\-\-no\-lp\fR mode.
.TP
\fB\-k\fI KEYID\fR, \fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEYID\fR
Specify the key ID to be used for signing.
.TP
\fB\-\-dont-sign\fR
Do not sign the upload.
.TP
.B \-d \fIDEBIAN_MIRROR\fR, \fB\-\-debian\-mirror\fR=\fIDEBIAN_MIRROR\fR
Use the specified mirror.
Should be in the form \fBhttp://ftp.debian.org/debian\fR.
If the package isn't found on this mirror, \fBsyncpackage\fR will fall
back to the default mirror.
.TP
.B \-s \fIUBUNTU_MIRROR\fR, \fB\-\-debsec\-mirror\fR=\fIUBUNTU_MIRROR\fR
Use the specified Debian security mirror.
Should be in the form \fBhttp://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu\fR.
If the package isn't found on this mirror, \fBsyncpackage\fR will fall
back to the default mirror.
.\"
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.BR DEBFULLNAME ", " DEBEMAIL ", " UBUMAIL
Used to determine the uploader (if not supplied as options).
See
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)
for details.
.P
All of the \fBCONFIGURATION VARIABLES\fR below are also supported as
environment variables.
Variables in the environment take precedence to those in configuration
files.
.\"
.SH CONFIGURATION VARIABLES
The following variables can be set in the environment or in
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)
configuration files.
In each case, the script\-specific variable takes precedence over the
package\-wide variable.
.TP
.BR SYNCPACKAGE_DEBIAN_MIRROR ", " UBUNTUTOOLS_DEBIAN_MIRROR
The default value for \fB\-\-debian\-mirror\fR.
.TP
.BR SYNCPACKAGE_UBUNTU_MIRROR ", " UBUNTUTOOLS_DEBSEC_MIRROR
The default value for \fB\-\-ubuntu\-mirror\fR.
.TP
.BR SYNCPACKAGE_KEYID ", " UBUNTUTOOLS_KEYID
The default value for \fB\-\-key\fR.
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR requestsync (1),
.BR ubuntu\-dev\-tools (5)
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
\fBsyncpackage\fR was written by Martin Pitt <martin.pitt@canonical.com> and Benjamin Drung <bdrung@ubuntu.com>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Luca Falavigna <dktrkranz@ubuntu.com>
.PP
Both are released under GNU General Public License, version 3.
