.\" Copyright (C) 2010, Stefano Rivera <stefanor@ubuntu.com>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
.\" REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
.\" AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
.\" INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
.\" LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
.\" OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
.\" PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.TH ubuntu\-dev\-tools "5" "December 19 2010" "ubuntu\-dev\-tools"
.SH NAME
ubuntu\-dev\-tools \- Configuration for the ubuntu\-dev\-tools package.

.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBubuntu\-dev\-tools\fR package is similar in scope to the
.BR devscripts (1)
package, providing a collection of scripts which may be of use
to Ubuntu and Debian developers or others wishing to build Debian packages.

Some of these scripts have options which may be configured on a
system\-wide and per\-user basis.
These options are configured in
.BR devscripts.conf (5).

All variables are described in the script's manpages. Package\-wide
variables begin with "\fIUBUNTUTOOLS\fR" and are listed below.

Every script which reads the configuration files can be forced to ignore
them by using the \fB\-\-no\-conf\fR command\-line option.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
All \fBubuntu\-dev\-tools\fR configuration variables can be set (and
overridden) by setting them in the environment (unlike
\fBdevscripts\fR).

In addition, several scripts use the following environment variables:

.TP
.B UBUMAIL
Overrides \fBDEBEMAIL\fR and \fBDEBFULLNAME\fR when the target is
clearly Ubuntu.

.TP
.BR DEBEMAIL ", " DEBFULLNAME
As in
.BR devscripts (1).

.SH PACKAGE\-WIDE VARIABLES
The currently recognised package\-wide variables are:
.TP
.B UBUNTUTOOLS_BUILDER
This specifies the preferred test\-builder, one of
.BR pbuilder " (default), " sbuild ", " pbuilder\-dist .
.TP
.B UBUNTUTOOLS_LPINSTANCE
The launchpad instance to communicate with. e.g. \fBproduction\fR
(default) or \fBstaging\fR.
.TP
.B UBUNTUTOOLS_UPDATE_BUILDER
Whether or not to update the test\-builder before each test build.
.RB "One of " yes " or " no " (default).
.TP
.B UBUNTUTOOLS_WORKDIR
The directory to use for preparing source packages etc.
When unset, defaults to a directory in \fI/tmp/\fR named after the
script.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR devscripts (1),
.BR devscripts.conf (5)

.SH AUTHORS
This manpage was written by Stefano Rivera <stefanor@ubuntu.com>.
