.\" Copyright (C) 2011, Stefano Rivera <stefanor@ubuntu.com>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
.\" REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
.\" AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
.\" INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
.\" LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
.\" OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
.\" PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.TH upload\-permission 1 "November 2011" ubuntu\-dev\-tools

.SH NAME
upload\-permission \- Query upload rights and (optionally) list the
people and teams with upload rights for a package

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B upload\-permission \fR[\fIoptions\fR] \fIpackage

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBupload\-permission\fR checks if the user has upload permissions for
\fIpackage\fR.
If the \fB\-\-list\-uploaders\fR option is provided, all the people and
teams that do have upload rights for \fIpackage\fR will be listed.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-r\fR \fIRELEASE\fR, \fB\-\-release\fR=\fIRELEASE\fR
Query permissions in \fIRELEASE\fR.
Default: current development release.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-list\-uploaders\fR
List all the people and teams who have upload rights for \fIpackage\fR.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-list\-team\-members\fR
List all the members of every team with rights. (Implies
\fB\-\-list\-uploaders\fR)
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display a help message and exit

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
You have the necessary upload rights.
.TP
.B 1
You don't have the necessary upload rights.
.TP
.B 2
There was an error.

.SH AUTHORS
\fBupload\-permission\fR and this manpage were written by Stefano Rivera
<stefanor@ubuntu.com>.
.PP
Both are released under the terms of the ISC License.
