.\" Copyright (c) 2010, Benjamin Drung <bdrung@ubuntu.com>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.TH WRAP\-AND\-SORT 1 "September 2010" "ubuntu-dev-tools"
.SH NAME
wrap-and-sort \- wrap long lines and sort items in packaging files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wrap-and-sort
[\fIoptions\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBwrap\-and\-sort\fP wraps the package lists in Debian control files. By
default the lists will only split into multiple lines if the entries are longer
than 80 characters. \fBwrap\-and\-sort\fP sorts the package lists in Debian
control files and all .install files. Beside that \fBwrap\-and\-sort\fP removes
trailing spaces in these files.
.PP
This script should be run in the root of a Debian package tree. It searches for
debian/control, debian/control.in, debian/copyright, debian/copyright.in,
and debian/*.install.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-wrap\-always\fR
wrap all package lists in the Debian control file
even if the entries are shorter than 80 characters and could fit in one line
line
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-short\-indent\fR
only indent wrapped lines by one space (default is in\-line with the
field name)
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-binary\-packages\fR
sort binary package paragraphs by name
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-no\-cleanup\fR
do not remove trailing whitespaces
.TP
\fB\-d\fIPATH\fR, \fB\-\-debian\-directory\fR=\fIPATH\fR
location of the \fIdebian\fR directory. Default: \fB./debian\fR
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
print all files that are touched

.SH AUTHORS
\fBwrap\-and\-sort\fP and this manpage has been written by
Benjamin Drung <bdrung@ubuntu.com>.
.PP
Both are released under the ISC license.
